Generative AI is a vast technology that has changed the world and is still changing it.
We have probably all used and been impressed by ChatGPT, but there is much more to Generative AI as a technology.
It is changing many fields and can seem like a threat to how we work, even to the point of potentially replacing us in the workplace.

However, I invite you to see it not as a threat but as an opportunity.
Lots of my fellow developers feel overwhelmed as they see so many great tools that could replace them, 
but they ignore how many new opportunities appear.
The IT industry has been stagnating for several years, and only now are companies starting to build AI agents and integrate them into their processes.
We now see more and more 'AI startups', investments being poured into them, and rising demand for 'AI engineers'—
IT professionals who are capable of integrating Generative AI technology into their existing processes and systems.

This is not the first course, but what makes this course different is that we skip learning 'Python programming'
and focus directly on understanding GEN-AI concepts and building prototypes and products. We will utilise not only automation platforms
but also agentic coding tools such as Cursor and Claude Code. Programming experience helps a lot, but it is not necessary, as we let the tools handle the basic coding
and I will teach you 'agentic coding' techniques to build and deploy minimal products without requiring programming knowledge.

By the end of the course you will understand most of the recent developments and techniques that are happening right now in generative AI.
The course is intense and technical, but it will help you understand how many production 'AI products' work
and you will have the experience to start implementing GEN-AI ideas yourself.
The course will cover most of the current trends and buzzwords:
Open-source model usage, structured output, tool calling, fine-tuning, MCP, AI agents, agent-building frameworks, techniques to handle hallucinations, etc.

There are very few real experts in generative AI, as the technology is still very fresh (remember that ChatGPT 3.5 was launched only about 2.5 years ago)
but you will learn from (and learn together with) a person who is actually working with GEN-AI technology at Danske Bank.
I will keep the course practical and share the best practices (and failures) of working with GEN-AI professionally.